[Music]
I am headed to DEFCON next week actually
yeah is that a big thing for you I've
been going since I was she's 17 years
old so it's a tradition for me and I'm
really excited to go see all my
Australian friends again look cool well
I am joined right now by Christina
Camilleri who is an anti hacker person
is that the best way what's your actual
title my actual title is security
solutions specialist which is a mouthful
but you can think of me as a Nancy
hacker yeah okay cool
so what what is it what does that
actually mean because a lot of people
will have the cliche of like the matrix
text going down a screen and you saying
they're in the mainframe and typing
rapidly on your keyboard what what is it
that actually goes on and sort of
working as a security specialist my role
at riot is mostly focused on educating
writers and how to be more secure at the
company so it's less about hacking
behind a terminal or they're some of our
the team's do that but I'm focused on
helping writers be more secure in their
professional and personal life so lots
of education so are there actual people
that want to like hack into riot is this
like a big threat for you guys
definitely we have nation-state hackers
try to target us sometimes we have lots
of cheetahs that try to target our game
to get a competitive advantage and we
actually have an anti cheat team that
focuses and that kind of thing it is a
real threat we do get hackers trying to
steal our code and our personal data as
well so definitely real threat we face
so how did you end up getting into all
this stuff because again like there's
not like a hacker school or whatever
like how did you end up in this line of
work I started pretty early I was home
alone a lot with my computer so I always
liked figuring out how to take things
apart I started building my computers
when I was really young so I think my
curiosity with computers started early
how I got into security I went to my
first security conference when I was 16
years old I went to one called Rex Rex
con which was a local hacker conference
in in Sydney Australia where I'm from
and I remember meeting someone who gave
me a book on social engineering which is
a fancy term for maybe lying or
manipulating people for information
rather than going for the technical
system and from there I got an interest
I started participating in some CTFs
capture the flags and my interest in the
area grew I started an internship when I
was 17 years old
and stuck with it through my next jobs
nice and so yeah you mentioned you're
from Australia I was gonna say you don't
really have like a Los Angeles accent
I'm losing my Australian accent but yeah
I'm from Sydney I moved to the US about
three and a half years ago to you San
Francisco originally than Chicago than
yoga in LA well so you've toured
basically like all the major cities yeah
it started in California and ended up
back here
yes all right so you you kind of got
into all the stuff it just sounds like
you were really intrigued by the idea of
like hack learning how hacking works and
all that stuff you mentioned social
engineering and I know that that's kind
of a it's like a bigger thing right like
a lot of people think that it's just
about finding some sort of gap in the
programming but oftentimes it's
literally about like tricking people
into giving you their security
information yeah social engineering is a
huge passion of mine it's kind of what
drew what drove me to continue in this
area like I said before I think it's I
think it's just a fancy term for acting
or lying or manipulating people to hand
over information that they have but it's
a lot more of a broader field than a lot
of people think it it's it can be
anything from physical social
engineering so breaking into an office
and looking like you belong and stealing
information from the company and I have
some interesting stories about that
later if we want to talk about it but
and those fishing's or email phishing
Franco phishing just staying in
character to steal information from
people works really well coupled with
technical attacks - which is why I find
it super fun so Christina you were
interested in all this stuff and
especially for my own age and a lot of
people who are in us and the stuff they
say alright I'm just gonna go for it
right like why are you not breaking into
like why did you not decide to go down
that path
right is it just you you felt like it
was unethical and you wanted to I mean
what what led you to sort of being on
the good side right I think that I have
a lot of empathy and I like helping
people
the darker side of it definitely does
interest me have him a lot more I get a
lot more enjoyment of understanding how
manipulation works and how to do all the
offensive stuff and using that to help
people not be a victim of it maybe this
is a little personal but I when I was
younger and I was getting started in the
industry I was a victim of some like
harassment and stalking and doxxing and
that felt really really bad and so after
being after having to go through that
and having an unpleasant experience I
wanted to make sure that I could equip
other people with the knowledge and
power to not have that happen to them as
well
so I think that's how I leaned more
towards the the helping side rather than
offensive side even though the offensive
side is a lot more fun in some aspects
sometimes yeah I mean it must be it must
be kind of compelling or interesting
right because you you get the chance to
kind of like break things down and and
that's sort of how you got into it what
what were some of your early gigs like
before you came to riot working on the
stuff super different to riot served
before here I was working for a company
called Bishop Fox which was a security
consulting company and with security
consulting companies you typically sent
on to a client site we work remotely for
a client site and you're giving it a
toss to do so in my case I did a lot of
web application pentesting old
penetration testing where to to break
that down I was hired to break into a
client's website or infrastructure find
all the vulnerabilities that I could
possibly find and then deliver a report
to them so I was always on the offensive
side in my previous jobs and and before
that I was working for a military
contractor so if you couldn't imagine
seventeen year old Christina in a
business suit being sent on sites I
can't even imagine that now like onto a
military base not a military base it was
a military
tractor but will be sent on to
client-side lloyd banks or education
departments and I was doing forensics
before I did web application so usually
investigating someone's case taking
their laptops taking memory dumps and
trying to find out how a breach happened
so yeah consulting before I came to riot
and kind of shifted my role into
education okay so now you landed at riot
why shift from sort of those security
firms to something like which is very
different in the video game company it's
an awesome question um so the video game
company said I never even imagined that
I could combine that I could combine two
of my biggest passions together of being
gaming since I was a little kid and I've
loved security and manipulation since I
was really young too so the idea of
being like you can work in security at a
video game company was super super
exciting to me when the opportunity
arose but switching from consulting
while I really liked the offensive
hacking side of the consulting world I
didn't really get an opportunity to help
the client that we were working for
after we delivered the report so we kind
of say here all the problems wrong with
your baby
here's details about why there are
problems with it and goodbye
I'll see you later but riot I can kind
of do that side and find all of the
problems without infrastructure or areas
where I can help riders level up in
their security and then help them do
that so having that way more hands-on
role with helping people and helping fix
all the problems that other people find
or I find is is the main reason why I
wanted to shift in that direction so you
but you've been playing games for for as
long as you've been hacking I guess a
little earlier since I've been hacking
but yeah I actually started with
StarCraft brood war okay yeah well when
I was 12
oh that was my first computer game
and also how I started on IRC which is
Internet Relay Chat it makes me feel old
I'm not out there I remember playing
with my friends online and they'd always
teach me like make me watch the replays
and then help me get better at Starcraft
so that's kind of how I started so is it
always like start brood war is
considered to be like one of the
foundations of competitive gaming League
of Legends also a competitive game have
you always been interested in like that
type of stuff more competitive games I'm
very competitive so yes I don't like
losing I really like competitive games
I've kind of shifted away from more
competitive games now to a lot more
roguelikes so I like having the
challenge of constantly being shat on
and then having to start again and do
better do you what what champion do you
play in league I play Ziya okay she
resonates with me she's this aggressive
little kitty bird character and that
throws daggers at people a bunch we're
good okay so moving back to to riot so
can maybe you can give me an example of
like what because if if I sit down with
an artist the artist can say oh well I
did this flash art or something like
that can you give me an example of like
what a typical day is like for you or a
typical meeting where you're helping
right employees figure out their stuff
sure on the product right side I will
usually sit down with a focus team for
example let me use legal as an example
and the first time I meet them I try to
put a more approachable and friendly
face to security rather than like hey
wait here to fuck your shit up and then
tell you what you did wrong I kind of
say hi I'm Christina and can you tell me
what keeps you up at night in terms of
security and I kind of go through just a
casual conversation with them about what
they must worried about and their team
what they most worried about losing so
in legals case it would be information
like legal information about people
their contracts and yet walk them
through what they're most worried about
losing to hackers or to other rioters or
to outside people
and then get an idea of what
infrastructure and products they run and
then we'll brain how to Louisville sorry
a little brainstorm session together and
we'll talk about how we can support them
from a security perspective do they do
you ever give them so much of like I
could imagine somebody walking out of a
meeting with you being really scared
right there because you come in here
like this is how everyone's out to get
you this is why they want to get you and
everybody's just like oh my god like
paranoid almost of the online security
because as much as they might know and
be afraid of you probably know even more
for them to be afraid of right yeah I
try not to do that it is the case
especially in consulting before I came
here that you'd use scare tactics a lot
of the time but I riot I tried to start
the introduction with hey I'm here to
help you I don't want this to happen to
you
so I want to be here for you and I want
you to see me on campus anytime and be
comfortable with asking me and
approaching me and asking me about
security questions or concerns you have
so I'm trying to be the more friendly
approachable face to security which is
hard in industry that's built around
fear and deception yeah but yeah I try
to what are any of the are there any
unique challenges here at riot for you
especially given that in the past year
it's sort of more on the consulting side
like is there anything kind of unique or
or a challenge that you have here yeah
the first thing that comes to mind is at
riot I don't know if you know about one
of our one of the things that we believe
in is defaulting to trust I'm just
always trust another riot I trust that
judgment trust the decisions that I make
and balancing that with also the
distrust of security has been an
interesting thing to explore so I
wouldn't say it's just here but in a lot
of companies I've worked for the main
question is why do I need to care about
this and security can often be seen as a
roadblock it's something in their way
that stops them from getting something
that they need to get done done so
that's been an interesting way of it's
been a challenge a good challenge for me
to get people excited about security
rather than seeing it as a road book or
something they need to
the defaults of trusting reminds me
there was a time and I don't I don't see
it as much anymore but maybe more the
Wild West especially in the eSports side
I'd follow all my friends on Twitter
that worked at riot and you'd frequently
see a situation where like somebody
would tweet something from their account
and it would be like haha I stink and my
colleague is so cool or whatever and
it's like then next week would be like
oh I left my computer unlocked like and
now I got pranked or whatever you don't
see that stuff anymore but I imagine
that's kind of like the default to trust
rioters and like the kind of weirdness
around like okay am i leaving my
computer open and unlocked and like
people having access to it it's kind of
a weird situation I imagine we we take
that seriously so you cannot leave your
computer unlocked especially in the
InfoSec team and we troll al Kovac is
really really hard I've even seen
scenarios where surf is going off too
much go for it
where someone will stand up and turn
around and look at someone that they're
talking to and then someone will come up
behind them and like fuck with a
computer while they're not looking so we
take yeah leaving computers unlocked
really seriously and we prank each other
non-stop as an example of that yeah it's
good to it's it's important to gamify
and not take it too seriously if you're
just going to post something on Twitter
and make them look like let make them
look bad yeah it's gonna feel bad for
them and it's not going to help them
learn the lesson of not keeping their
laptop unlocked so we try to keep it fun
I mean sometimes we'll shout like I'm
bringing doughnuts in for everyone
tomorrow and then they they have to
bring in doughnuts for everyone tomorrow
Oh changing their background or
something embarrassing they learn a
lesson the way they learn the lesson
yeah one thing that I've noticed that
there's a lot of people that do public
speaking or riot and especially in like
the data situation right like we're
there's so much a right is literally
doing innovation around data and
networking and all that stuff are there
opportunities for that do you feel like
riot is doing something particularly
unique in their security field at all
I've moved away a little bit from
speaking I used to do a lot of public
speaking around social engineering and
web application pen testing I actually
get more enjoyment from hosting people
on conferences now so Q con which is
software developer conference which one
of their sessions ran in London last
year I got a rioter Emma McCall to speak
about her experiences and what she does
at riot over there and I'm also doing
that again this year in San Francisco in
November and we'll get writers as well
because I think we work on lots of
interesting stuff that's worth sharing
with other people so we have moved away
from speaking but moving more towards
getting people to speak about what
they're passionate about that gives me
more enjoyment what does success look
like for you here like whenever you what
wouldn't it's a moment where you're like
I did it like this this thing worked my
job I've succeeded at it that's a
difficult question because I cover a few
security areas that riot but the last
thing that made me feel really really
good was getting a bunch of people to
sign up to our password manager service
or seeing a reduction of people reusing
the Apostles which is really good win
for me or a more generalized version of
that is seeing people be proactive about
making their lives more secure because
that means the less breaches or less
chances of us getting breaches less
chances of them getting compromised as
well so anything that encourages and
excites people about security is a win
for me all right so there are a lot of
people who want to potentially work in
the games industry and and potentially a
riot or someplace else and for a lot of
people they might be interested in doing
art or game design or something your job
here is really unique what would you say
to people who kind of want to get into
more of this side like they're more
interested in like security or network
operations like what how should they go
about doing that what's the path for
them so if you have an area in security
that you're passionate about familiar
with social engineering stock getting
out there in the industry and start
talking about the passions and your
interest in the area and and be able to
explain those things you're excited
about to people that are non-technical
and that was the biggest thing for me
here is being able to take the technical
side and my experiences in consulting
but then being able to translate that
for for writers but also if you're
already in security we have a bug bounty
program which is
of us opening the doors to our
infrastructure in our environment and
say hey hackus there are some rules but
here's the his the is the environment
you can have and go crazy and we've
gotten we've met some interesting people
through our bug bounty program as well
because it's people passionate about one
helping hopefully making riot more
secure and not just hacking 100% for fun
and it's a it's also a really good way
for us to notice the people that are
contributing to our bug bounty bug
bounty program so that's an interesting
way in as well program is like you guys
literally pay people money to help find
security bugs and stuff in the game yeah
so when you report a report a
vulnerability through our bug bounty
program we triage it so we make sure
that it's a valid bug and it's impactors
it has some kind of impacts we reward
the people that report those bugs with
with money yeah and a different
depending on the severity of the
vulnerability that changes how much that
we pay them out we have a really active
bug bounty program and actually some of
my colleagues at my old job used to
contribute to the bug bounty for Riot
Games as well so that's really cool I'm
glad that we do that kind of thing here
because we have such a large
infrastructure in such a huge player
base that it's really important that we
show other people that we're taking
security seriously and I also love bug
bounties because we have a really
awesome smart group of people like
security people like riot but having
that difference they're differentiating
differentiating I can't say that way
it's very different yeah set of people
coming in and looking at our environment
is I think the most valuable part of
having that kind of program in place
that's cool so that's so people if
that's one way to stand out from the
crowd I guess is to like be active on
the bug bounty program and sort of learn
how to be involved in that and then and
then potentially that's a world where
riot might want to talk to you about
coming on board yep I've even heard
interesting stories of us noticing
people contributing to comments on the
League of Legends subreddit so if you're
if there's an
security-related questions or concerns
they're having people chime in there's
awesome and this is a bit of a unique
case but for for our anti-cheat team a
lot of them used to be cheat developers
and they've kind of gone from the bad
guy to the good guy at riot to helping
stop people from cheating in the game
but that doesn't mean people should
develop cheats to get hired at the
company that's correct please start the
last thing I wanted to ask you about was
that earlier you mentioned something
involving how social engineering could
involve sort of physically entering a
building and acting like you belong
there you mentioned that you have some
sort of story from that so maybe that'd
be interesting - yep so this was from my
old job but at my old job I had a lot of
opportunities where I got to break into
a client site and the way that I did
that I mean it changed all the time but
one of the ones that sticks on the
forefront of my memory is I would go all
out when I got this opportunity so for
example once I had to dress up as a
network engineer and not a network
engineer but someone that was coming on
site to do Network maintenance and I was
pretending to be someone from a
particular company so I went and printed
custom shirts that matched the person I
was pretending to be I found online what
they badges looked like and I designed
and replicated them one for one and put
my name on it and took fake mug shots
and put it on there laminated the badge
put it in a sleeve and then I wore like
a tool belt with a network cable rolled
around and I came on site with a fake
booking so I spoofed an email to say
that expect these people coming on site
at 11:30 they're doing some network
maintenance the name is Christina and
then arriving on site and being like hey
I'm Christina I'm here with the
so-and-so network team here to do
maintenance and then just being able to
walk into the office so I don't do so
much of that now but that was one of the
most fun things of doing physical
penetration testing at my old job
similarly at riot I haven't seen it but
I've heard stories of us hiring actors
that will come in and they don't even
replicate our badges or anything but
they will wear like a riot t-shirt or a
shirt with League of Legends IP on it
and and we'll hire them to see how far
they can get on campus we've since
leveled up our physical security I don't
know a physical physical pentesting it
just me because it's very human to just
trust someone and what I miss about
consulting is taking advantage of
people's trust no that's not the lesson
because I mean you said this take
advantage of people's trust right trust
people but use your best judgment okay
yep and if the best judgment is wrong
then you've let a hacker in the building
and there goes to all your trade secrets
yeah yeah we give so I hope run the
Danube which is like our onboarding
process when a new rider comes onboard
and we we do touch on physical security
and what to do if you see someone
without a badge on campus and it's not
aggressive we just teach people to say
if you see someone without a badge
just gently escort them to the nearest
guard yeah don't tackle them to the
ground don't tackle them that's correct
it's actually that's actually what it
says in the deck this is dope tackle it
does is there would you be concerned
people would do that people are very
serious serious concern but I guess if
it's in the deck they might have
happened if all okay yeah you never
feels like whenever when you have to
sell someone explicitly don't do this
usually there's a reason why thank you
so much Christina for the chat today
really interesting to sit down and talk
with you and I think the security side
is one area of you know video game
companies that people don't really think
about so it's really interesting stuff
yeah thank you
you